round2 of improvements (#11)
ofirgall/learn-nvim: chapters/15-misc-and-summary.md

# Summary
Thanks for reading! I hope this guide helped you learn Neovim. \

> This guide doesn't cover everything, make sure you keep learn about your text editor and keep improve your skill.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide doesn't cover everything, make sure you keep learning about your text editor and keep improving your skill.
```
